stress the difference use/(alias, import, require) (#1272)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/alias-require-and-import.markdown

## use

> The `use` macro is frequently used as an extension point. This means that, when you `use` a module `FooBar`, you allow that module to inject *any* code in the current module, such as importing itself or other modules, defining new functions, setting a module state, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `use` macro is frequently used as an extension point. This means that, when you `use` a module `FooBar`, you allow that module to inject *any* code in the current module, such as importing itself or other modules, defining new functions, setting a module state, etc.
```

end
```

> Behind the scenes, `use` requires the given module and then calls the `__using__/1` callback on it allowing the module to inject some code into the current context. Some modules (e.g., the above `ExUnit.Case`, but also `Supervisor` and `GenServer`) use this mechanism to populate your module with some basic behaviour, which your module is intended to override or complete. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Behind the scenes, `use` requires the given module and then calls the `__using__/1` callback on it allowing the module to inject some code into the current context. Some modules (for example, the above `ExUnit.Case`, but also `Supervisor` and `GenServer`) use this mechanism to populate your module with some basic behaviour, which your module is intended to override or complete. 
```

> Whether you can `use` a module, it depends on that module defining a `__using__/1` function. To `use` a module only makes sense within an other module.

Reviewer: > To `use` a module only makes sense within an other module.

I'm not sure I understand what you mean here.

Author: you can execute any of the `alias`, `require`, `import` macros from the `iex` prompt.
but `use` only makes sense to inject code into a module.

Author: this part was the "busillis" which I had missed, and forms the core of my edit, I think.

Reviewer: You can use `use MyMod` outside of a module because it's exactly like calling `MyMod.__using__([])` which is just a macro, and you can call macros from IEx (like `Logger.info/1` to name one). It's just that `GenServer`, `Supervisor`, and many other modules do things inside `__using__` that can only be done inside of modules, such as setting `@module_attributes`. Does that make sense?

Author: yes. … … not sure whether to remove that short sentence, or to make it sound like:
»several modules do things inside `__using__` that can only be done inside of modules, so that `use` may cause an error if executed outside of a module.«
which will possibly only confuse the reader.  however correct.

Author: changed the text, have a look if you have the time.
